I am grateful


Mat 19:25  When the disciples heard this, they were greatly astonished, saying, “Who then can be saved?” 
Mat 19:26  But Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”

I am grateful I do not need to do the impossible things in my life. I don't need to be powerful to be saved. or need to do something great just to prove myself to God. In all kinds of limitations of myself in this area that I am so grateful for. 

imagine in the verse as per Jesus "with man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible". maybe you would say I knew that already since HE IS GOD.
but look at the preceding where Jesus is pertaininng to. when the disciple said that "who then can be saved?" remember in that context they are talking about the young rich who came to Jesus asking how can he be save and Jesus give him an instruction but instead to do it. he turn aroun and walk away.

and look at the discples when they are talking to each other "who then can be saved?" We as human. we always do something just to save what we think we can owned just because we put a lot of effort on it. we are expecting for a return.

Now why I am grateful like I have said in the beginning of this message. I do not need to do the impossible things. We need to accept our life limitations as per John in His book "The power of Potential" there are things that cannot control. We cant choose who our parents will be. skin color, our race or status in life. that's the limitations of life and I believe why God did it that way? to show to us that we as Human need a God that is so powerful to take care what we cannot control. 

Salvation is our greatest limitation. because as we can on this verse. even a high profile young man, a man that is doing tha commandments of God. have limit in the end by the last challenge from Jesus. I believe that Jesus did that not to shame that person but to give us the lesson of Life. that is salvation is beyond our control. it is for Gods alone.

now that you are saved God wants you to focus on the possible things. what are the possible things we can do? that is commandments, vision, dream and faith that was given to us from the time that we accept Jesus.

Do the possible, let God take care the impossible.


-jmfborje